Simultaneous Localization and Mapping
SLAM is one of the most important algorithms for a mobile autonomous robot,
which enables a robot to navigate and explore in an unknown environment [2].
Mapping requires the robot to record, integrate and update the former information
it have got about the surroundings while Localization requires the robot to
know the location of itself refer to the estimated environment.
Using a laser range finders (LRFs), we adopted the SLAM package to estimate
the robot’s location and its surroundings in the form of 2D occupancy
grid map. The raw data from LRFs are collected as the input of the algorithm.
Features, or landmarks are then extracted from the environment. When the
robot moves around, these features are used to estimate where it moves. It is
called Laser-Scan-Matcher process. However, the estimation of this process is
imprecise and the error accumulates. The GMapping process is adopted, using
an EKF (Extended Kalman Filter) to correct the estimated result. Based on
the final map generated, the robot plans its path and explores the unknown
environment.
We also implemented SLAM using color and depth camera, also called vSLAM
[3], so that a 3D map can be obtained, which is more precise in complicated
environment.

Navigation
Navigation is one of the basic function that a mobile autonomous robot must have.
In 2D world, it should have the basic translation and rotation skills firstly.
Secondly, the robot needs to make a plan from the start to the goal theoretically and practically.
More, the better algorition may let the robots avoid the obstacle.
Also, almost every complex task must have the navigation function.So we pay much attention on this part.
As to us, we study the Navigation stack provided in ROS carefully and change 
some part of the algorition according to our hardware environment.
At the begining, we tune the parameters mainly in move_base package so the robot
could almost achieve the goal even the processing is not vert satisfied.
And we find the planner the basic navigation plan could be better. So we rewrite
a local planner which subscribes the origin global plan and linearizes the curve.
In this way, the whole processing could be more fluently. Besides, because of the 
testing environment for navigation must have rviz which is not  famillar by other 
modular group. We package the start topic and the goal topic into a node to let
other group use navigation stack without operating rviz.